Marie Betbeder and Emeric Buttin repository for python data analysis project. 

Our subject was the consumption of different drugs and how we can predict a user based on information we have of them. Our dataset is composed of 1885 instances, 12 features and 18 different targets (drugs). No data is missing from any of the instances, and all the data is quantified and standardized. The problem here is a classification. Each target as 7 different classes of drug use, going from ‘Never used’ to ‘used in last day’. 

The first step was to import our dataset into our notebook and to insert it in a dataframe. The library Pandas is perfect for those two tasks, so it’s the one we used. 
For the data preprocessing, there wasn’t much to do as the data was already cleaned. We used a lot of visuals to try and see what features would be the most useful for the prediction, thanks to the correlations. We visualized as well the repartitions of the instances by attributes. The features seemed to have good impact on the predictions and deleting the less correlated didn’t improve the model, so we left them all. We then went on to split the data and to test different types of models for our problem. As we have 18 different targets, we did two things: firstly, we test our models on only one, cannabis, because cross validation grid search can take a long time to run; and secondly, we used all the other targets as features as they contain strong correlations between them. We found out that a random forest is the best model for this problem. 

We were not completely satisfied with the accuracy of our model, so we decided to use another approach. Instead of multiclass targets, we decided to unite classes to form only two: user and non-user. The problem became a binary classification problem. We then proceeded to test different models on this new problem and found much better accuracy in the predictions as expected. The three best models were the KNN the random forest and the logistic regression. We used graphs to compare the accuracies on different targets. In the end we choose the random forest as well. 

Finally, we implemented a flask API, where a user can enter attributes and receive a prediction. To simplify, we did only the cannabis as a target and all the others as features. 
